CDK: adding MetaMask instructions to the how-to (#362)
0xPolygon/polygon-docs: docs/cdk/how-to/quick-test-stack.md

Status `1` signifies a successful transaction.

## Send transaction with MetaMask

1. Whichever stack you're working with, inspect the logs to find the `zkevm-node-rpc` details and add the URL to MetaMask. For example, in the Kurtosis stack you should see something like:

    ```sh
    zkevm-node-rpc-001    http-rpc: 8123/tcp -> http://127.0.0.1:32803
    ```

> 2. Add the network details manually to MetaMask and except the defaults and autopopulating fields.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Add the network details manually to MetaMask and accept the defaults and auto-populating fields.
```
